{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Privacy Policy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 This privacy policy explains how [App Name] collects, stores, and uses user data. By using our application, you agree to this privacy policy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 1. Information Collected\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 [App Name] collects certain information to enhance the user experience and provide secure services. The collected data includes:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Access Key
\f1\b0 : A unique access key is stored in Firebase servers to enable access to the user's password stored on the device.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 User Information
\f1\b0 : Identification information provided by the user to log in.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 2. Password Security\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 [App Name] does not directly collect or store users\'92 passwords on its servers. Instead, passwords are securely stored only on the user\'92s device:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Keychain
\f1\b0 : The user's password is stored only in the device's Keychain, making it accessible only through the user\'92s device.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Access Key
\f1\b0 : An access key stored in Firebase serves as an identifier to retrieve the user\'92s password from Keychain. This key does not contain the password and is used solely to facilitate access.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 3. Use of Information\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 The collected access key is used only for the following purposes:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 To allow access to the user's password stored in Keychain.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 To provide a more secure login experience for the user.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 4. Sharing of Information\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 [App Name] does not share user information or passwords with third parties. Only the access key is stored on Firebase, which does not contain the user\'92s password.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 5. Data Storage and Security\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 The access key collected is securely stored on Firebase. The user's password is stored only in the device\'92s Keychain and is never transferred externally. This data is protected against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 6. User Rights\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Users have the right to access, update, or delete the data stored about them. You may request the deletion or updating of the access key stored on Firebase.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 7. Changes to This Privacy Policy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 This privacy policy may be updated periodically. When any changes are made, we will post the updated policy on the app or our website and inform users of significant changes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Contact Us\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us:\
Email: [contact@example.com]\
}